---
layout: post
title:  "🦠 Virus Uprising | GMTK Game Jam 2024"
date:   2022-08-12 14:12:32 -0500
categories: game
game_directory: games/Built to Scale 2024 GMTK
game_width: 2266
game_height: 1488
scale: 0.75
---

**WELCOME TO VIRUS UPRISING.**

This game was made for the **2024 Game Maker's Toolkit (GMTK) Game Jam**. This is a yearly event where game-makers from all over the world make games in a very limited amount of time based on a theme! This year, that theme was: **"Built To Scale"**

My brother and I worked very quickly on the last few days of summer break to complete this game in time! We posted this game on [Itch.io](https://kensei-games.itch.io/virus-uprising) to be played and rated by other players. Out of over **7000 participating games** with several thousand more developers, our game placed:
- **984** in Enjoyment
- **1748** in Creativity
- **2634** in Style
- **1709** in *Overall!*

Overall development time was **less than 96 hours** (<4 days). Only two creators, my brother and myself. We received several ratings, some comments, and even connected with some people who had made games with a similar concept to ours! We were really happy to participate in such an awesome community event, and are really grateful for Mark Brown's work with GMTK to get this all up and running each year with Itch.io! I would really reccomend joining if you are into game design to any degree. Will try to join again next year for sure.


**HOW TO PLAY:**

Use **WASD** to move, and click **Left Mouse** to fire. Use the number keys **1-3** to select your viral ammo. The last one can't be shot, but instead just circles to protect you.

*All code by Gabriel Reynolds. Art by Theo and Gabriel Reynolds. Music by Gabriel Reynolds. Sound effects found for free online.*